Improve route handlers and faker inference (#15)
asantos00/miragejs-open-api: README.md

Generate [miragejs](https://miragejs.com/) code based on an [OpenAPI Specification](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification).

**Currently only supports openapi v3**

# Vision

To enable generating a **pluggable** [miragejs](https://miragejs.com/) configuration with mocked data based on the user's OpenAPI spec. Generated files should be seen as disposable and able to be generated **at any time** from the spec file.

# Roadmap

> Currently the package generates the routes defined on the openapi spec file. Those routes respond with the first defined response on the spec for that route (spec.responses.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the package generates the routes defined on the OpenAPI spec file, using `spec.responses.0` as the response.
```

> The package provides a user customisable file to define what data to generate based on the json keys to enable better mocked data. For instance, running `faker.date.past` for `createdAt` and `updatedAt` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the quality of the mocked data, a user-customizable file is available for specifying what data to generate based on JSON keys (e.g: running `faker.date.past` for `createdAt` and `updatedAt` fields).
```

Reviewer: WDYT?

> In the near future, MirageJS factories and Models will be exported by the generated files. At the moment the Mirage API returns 'hardcoded' fake data (look at generated output below), in the future this data should use Factories and seeds to make it more interactive and close to real.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the near future, MirageJS factories and Models will be exported by the generated files. At the moment the Mirage API returns 'hardcoded' fake data (look at the generated output below), in the future this data should use Factories and seeds to make it more interactive and closer to a real implementation.
```
